Let us design the 'Schedule Medical'

This is for you to understand. This form is used internally to schedule a medical appointment. The user already knows the employee, company, and work order, medical center, the date, the time and more info. We need to draft an email to inform the appointment details and such to the client and the user will fill the details as a form and the system should generate the email. The purpose of the form is to capture all appointment-related details in one place so the system can automatically generate and send a confirmation email to the client. Once the user fills in the medical center, appointment date and time, assigned staff, location, and other required details, the system will populate those fields into the email and send it to the client after confirmation. This module is where the user fill the form. 

My plan is the below. What do you think? Lemme know if you have a better way to do this. Ask questions if you have doubts. I want it to be well designed. 

Section - WO details
First I need to choose a work order, User should be able to search by WO or with staff name. If the WO i enter is not in system, i should be able to add it in pop up window. 
Then I need to select the Company name from dropdown. But since WO have company details, it should come from that and it should be non editable. 
Then the Applicant name . Applicant Phone Number.  [Both these should follow the same rule as company name to be entered automaticaly and non editable]
Then Service Type. This comes from WO

Section - Medical Appointment Details

First I should select if this is normal medical or VIP medical. If we have selected VIP in the WO, Here Medical VIP should be selected as default. 
Medical Center - dropdown with all medical center names (normal centers only if normal medical selected, VIP centers only if VIP is selected) but the default should be the favorite medical center which is selected in the company profile. 
Medical application number - To be entered by user
Appointment Date - calendar with tomorrow as default selection
Appointment Time - Best UI to choose the time. 

Section - Upcoming Appointments